android-app/README.md, before:

# DL24 BLE Controller - Android App

Android app for controlling Atorch DL24P electronic loads via Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE).

## Features

- BLE device scanning and connection
- Real-time status monitoring (voltage, current, power, capacity, energy, temperature)
- Load control (ON/OFF)
- Adjustable discharge current (0-24A)
- Configurable cutoff voltage
- Counter reset
- Dark theme matching web interface

## Requirements

- Android 8.0 (API 26) or higher
- BLE-capable device
- DL24P with BLE adapter (or ESP32 BLE-to-Serial bridge)

## Building

1. Open project in Android Studio
2. Sync Gradle files
3. Build and run on device

```bash
./gradlew assembleDebug
```

## BLE Compatibility Note

The DL24P natively uses **classic Bluetooth SPP** (Serial Port Profile), not BLE.
To use this app, you need one of:

1. **ESP32 BLE Bridge** - Flash an ESP32 with BLE-to-UART firmware
2. **HM-10/HM-19 Module** - BLE module connected to DL24P UART pins
3. **Custom BLE adapter** - Any BLE-to-Serial bridge

The app uses Nordic UART Service (NUS) UUIDs by default but will also discover
custom BLE characteristics.

## Protocol

Implements the Atorch protocol:
- Packet format: `0xFF 0x55 [type] [ADU] [payload] [checksum]`
- Supports status parsing and command generation
- See `AtorchProtocol.kt` for details

## Project Structure

```
app/src/main/java/com/dl24/app/
├── ble/
│   └── BleManager.kt       # BLE scanning, connection, data transfer
├── protocol/
│   └── AtorchProtocol.kt   # Atorch packet parsing and creation
└── ui/
    ├── MainActivity.kt     # Start screen
    ├── ScanActivity.kt     # Device scanner
    └── DeviceActivity.kt   # Device control panel
```

## License

Same as main dl24 project.

Commit message:

Switch from BLE to classic Bluetooth SPP
The DL24P uses classic Bluetooth Serial Port Profile, not BLE.
This matches how the official Atorch app works.

- Add BluetoothSppManager for RFCOMM connections
- Update activities to use SPP instead of BLE
- Show paired devices first in scan list
- Update README with correct Bluetooth info

android-app/README.md, after:

# DL24 Controller - Android App

Android app for controlling Atorch DL24P electronic loads via classic Bluetooth (SPP).

## Features

- BLE device scanning and connection
- Real-time status monitoring (voltage, current, power, capacity, energy, temperature)
- Load control (ON/OFF)
- Adjustable discharge current (0-24A)
- Configurable cutoff voltage
- Counter reset
- Dark theme matching web interface

## Requirements

- Android 8.0 (API 26) or higher
- BLE-capable device
- DL24P with Bluetooth module (built-in)

## Building

1. Open project in Android Studio
2. Sync Gradle files
3. Build and run on device

```bash
./gradlew assembleDebug
```

## Bluetooth Connection

The DL24P uses **classic Bluetooth SPP** (Serial Port Profile) - the same as the official Atorch app.

1. Pair your DL24P in Android Bluetooth settings first
2. Open the app and select your device
3. The app connects via RFCOMM (SPP UUID: 00001101-0000-1000-8000-00805F9B34FB)

## Protocol

Implements the Atorch protocol:
- Packet format: `0xFF 0x55 [type] [ADU] [payload] [checksum]`
- Supports status parsing and command generation
- See `AtorchProtocol.kt` for details

## Project Structure

```
app/src/main/java/com/dl24/app/
├── ble/
│   └── BleManager.kt       # BLE scanning, connection, data transfer
├── protocol/
│   └── AtorchProtocol.kt   # Atorch packet parsing and creation
└── ui/
    ├── MainActivity.kt     # Start screen
    ├── ScanActivity.kt     # Device scanner
    └── DeviceActivity.kt   # Device control panel
```

## License

Same as main dl24 project.
